## Content curation
We can start by addressing content curation. This is the essence of Web navigation, it provides us with an entry point, a starting point. There exists 3 main content curation methods. First, there is collaborative filtering. This principle is based on the amounts of votes and views by peers. Youtube and Amazon notably base their recommendations on this structure. Secondly, social rating is based on users' comments and recommendations. The system identifies a user with interests similar to ours to offer us recommendations based on their activity. Facebook and Flipboard use this method. The parameters to assess social value are based on the number of shares, likes and upvotes. The faster these accumulate, the more this piece of content gains value. Finally, there's semantic analysis which fits precisely into the perspective of my project. Based on the principle of analyzing facts and finding relations between the subject and object of the search query, this technique proceeds to a factual analysis of the information. In the Semantic Web perspective, the system dissects the content into subjects, sub-subjects and categories. We therefore use keywords directly linked to the information that the content contains, and not to quantitative factors such as algorithms or advertising biases.

#### 3 methods:
🚫 *Collaborative filtering*
Based on votes and views
Youtube, Amazon

🚫 *Social rating*
Based on user rating and recommendations. The system finds someone with interests similar to end user and bases it’s recommendations on their activity.
Facebook, Flipbook
Parameters for determining the social ranking are based on shares, likes, votes. The more of those in the shorter time, the higher rating the content gets.

✅ *Semantic Analysis*
Based on the principle of analyzing facts to find relationships between the studied phenomena and the object. (factor analysis) The system breaks up content according to topic, subtopic and category.
Semantic Web theory, tags. (No algorithms, no advertising biases)

#### Semantic Web
Principle of *content curation* ([Curator’s Code](http://curatorscode.org/) project by Maria Popova and Swiss Miss) 
A content curator ingests, analyzes and contextualizes web content and information of a particular nature onto a platform or into a format we can understand. *Mashable*