## Interest Graph APIs

[**Prismatic**](http://www.vbprofiles.com/tb/company/52b86aff843bac69b4000ac8/Prismatic/http%3A%2F%2Fventurebeat.com%2F2013%2F12%2F19%2Fprismatic-pivots-so-you-can-share-your-interests-online-without-bothering-people%2F#) 

Prismatic is an app that's unfortunately out of service. Besides its business model which turned out to be unsustainable, Prismatic had a very good idea.

Prismatic wanted to be the social network for your interests, a place to discover things on topics that interest you but that do not have to be on found on your Facebook or LinkedIn feeds. The small company had developed an *[Interest Graph API](http://www.programmableweb.com/news/prismatics-interest-graph-api-boosts-content-discoverability/2015/02/05).*

 “As Prismatic explains, the interest graph is "a model that helps us understand our users, their interests, publishers, content, and the connections between them. By aligning with users’ interests, the interest graph enables recommendations of products and content to deliver an experience that people care about." Access to the interest graph is what the new API allows.”

This personalised news aggregation app which shut down after 4 years of activity wanted to be the only news discovery app to bring you the best of everything you’re interested in.

“Four years ago, we set out to build a personalized news reader that would change the way people consume content,” the Prismatic team wrote in a blog post. “For many of you, we did just that. But we also learned content distribution is a tough business and we’ve failed to grow at a rate that justifies continuing to support our Prismatic News products.” 

[Company Profile on Venture Beat](http://venturebeat.com/2015/12/11/prismatic-is-shutting-down-its-news-app-for-ios-android-and-web-on-december-20/) :

> « Effortlessly discover stories based on your interests. As soon as you sign up with Facebook, Twitter or G+, we start learning about you and connecting you with the most interesting stories. Prismatic started out as a smart personal news feed with simple layouts that creates a delightful reading experience. Since obtaining Series A funding, we have begun to significantly build our product and company. »

**Interest Graph** application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party developers boosts content discoverability.

> « The startup announced a pivot today to become a “social network for your interests,” where you can indulge your passion for pastry, your fanaticism for football, or your craze for cats without bothering all your friends and colleagues. » 
—Venture Beat

> “Current social networks box you in,” founder Bradford Cross told VentureBeat. “If you’re in tech, but also into cooking and hiking, it’s hard to follow enough cooking and hiking people, and your followers are probably expecting tech from you, so there’s social pressure to avoid sharing about cooking and hiking.”